Simplifying README and bringing it up-2-date (#107)
arduino-libraries/ArduinoIoTCloud: README.md

`ArduinoIoTCloud`
=================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/arduino-libraries/ArduinoIoTCloud.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/arduino-libraries/ArduinoIoTCloud)

### What?

> The `ArduinoIoTCloud` library is the central element of the firmware enabling certain Arduino boards to connect to the [Arduino IoT Cloud](https://create.arduino.cc/iot/). The following boards are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ArduinoIoTCloud` library is the central element of the firmware enabling certain Arduino boards to connect to the [Arduino IoT Cloud](https://www.arduino.cc/en/IoT/HomePage). The following boards are supported:
```
[This page](https://www.arduino.cc/en/IoT/HomePage) might be a better introduction for someone in the "what?" phase. The previous link requires logging in to an Arduino account to enter, which might result in a "well, I didn't want to know that badly" response.

Either one is fine; it's just a thought.

* **WiFi**: [`MKR 1000`](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr1000-wifi), [`MKR WiFi 1010`](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr-wifi-1010), [`Nano 33 IoT`](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-nano-33-iot), `ESP8266`
* **GSM**: [`MKR GSM 1400`](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr-gsm-1400-1415)
* **5G**: [`MKR NB 1500`](https://store.arduino.cc/arduino-mkr-nb-1500-1413)
* **LoRa**: [`MKR WAN 1300/1310`](https://store.arduino.cc/mkr-wan-1310)

### How?
1) Register your Arduino IoT Cloud capable board via [Device Manager](https://create.arduino.cc/devices).
2) Create a new logical representation known as a [Thing](https://create.arduino.cc/iot/things).

### Arduino IoT Cloud Components

- **Devices**: Physical objects built around a board (e.g. `MKR WiFi 1010`). This is the hardware which runs the sketch, reads sensors, controls actuators and communicates with the Arduino IoT Cloud.

- **Things**: Logical representation of a connected object. They embody inherent properties of the object, with as little reference to the actual hardware or code used to implement them. Each Thing is represented by a collection of _Properties_ (e.g., temperature, light, pressure...).

> - **Properties**: Qualities defining the characteristics of a system. A _Property_ can be defined as *read-only* (`READ`) to indicate that Arduino IoT Cloud can read the data, but cannot change the value of such _Property_. On the other end, it may be designated to be **read-and-write** (`READWRITE`), allowing Arduino IoT Cloud to remotely change the property’s value and trigger an event notification on the device. It is also possible to mark properties as *write-only* (`WRITE`) which means the cloud can write to this property but not read it's value (this limits data transmission for properties which are used to trigger events only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Properties**: Qualities defining the characteristics of a system. A _Property_ can be defined as *read-only* (`READ`) to indicate that Arduino IoT Cloud can read the data, but cannot change the value of such _Property_. On the other end, it may be designated to be **read-and-write** (`READWRITE`), allowing Arduino IoT Cloud to remotely change the property’s value and trigger an event notification on the device. It is also possible to mark properties as *write-only* (`WRITE`) which means the cloud can write to this property but not read its value (this limits data transmission for properties which are used to trigger events only).
```
it's -> its
